Docs: Add panel options section to dashboard settings (#111942)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/build-dashboards/modify-dashboard-settings/index.md

1. Click **Save**.
1. Click **Exit edit**.

## Modify panel behavior

> Use these options to control tooltip and hover highlight behavior across panels and whether or not panels are preloaded.

Author: ```suggestion
Use this option to control tooltip and hover highlight behavior across panels.
```

1. Click **Save**.
1. Click **Exit edit**.

## Modify panel behavior

Use these options to control tooltip and hover highlight behavior across panels and whether or not panels are preloaded.

1. On the the **General** tab of the **Settings** page, scroll down to the **Panel options** section.
1. Choose from the following options to control the tooltip and hover highlight behavior across graph-style panels (for example, time series):
   - **Default** - Tooltip and hover highlight behavior isn't shared across panels.
   - **Shared crosshair** - When you hover the cursor over one graph panel in the dashboard, the crosshair is also displayed on all other graph-style panels in the dashboard.
   - **Shared tooltip** - When you hover the cursor over one graph panel in the dashboard, the crosshair and tooltips are also displayed on all other graph-style panels in the dashboard.

> 1. Toggle on the **Preload panels** switch to have all panels start loading as soon as the dashboard has been loaded.

Author: ```suggestion
```

1. Click **Save**.
1. Click **Exit edit**.

## Modify panel behavior

Use these options to control tooltip and hover highlight behavior across panels and whether or not panels are preloaded.

1. On the the **General** tab of the **Settings** page, scroll down to the **Panel options** section.
1. Choose from the following options to control the tooltip and hover highlight behavior across graph-style panels (for example, time series):

   - **Default** - Tooltip and hover highlight behavior isn't shared across panels.
   - **Shared crosshair** - When you hover the cursor over one graph panel in the dashboard, the crosshair is also displayed on all other graph-style panels in the dashboard.
   - **Shared tooltip** - When you hover the cursor over one graph panel in the dashboard, the crosshair and tooltips are also displayed on all other graph-style panels in the dashboard.

> 1. Toggle on the **Preload panels** switch to have all panels start loading as soon as the dashboard has been loaded.

Reviewer: @imatwawana let's skip documenting this for now ok? Let's just document the cursor sync.
